#summary SWC for making trace clickable

==Overview==
Adding SWC to your project allows to open corresponding source file on text click in Vizzy. Also, moving a mouse cursor over the trace line will cause a popup open with trace line highlighted. Tracer knows from where every line was dispatched and can therefore can open proper file and even highlight a line with `trace`.

==Installation==
  * Download VizzyTrace.swc from Downloads page. Copy it to your project's `src` or `lib` directory. Add swc to library path of fla file project (in case of Flash IDE) or link as swc in case of Flash Builder project. 
  * Open Vizzy, go to `Extra` -> `Options`, open `Trace Parser` tab, tick `Connect VizzyTrace library`.
  * Make sure `Permit Debugging` is checked in your fla file project.

==Code Changes==
The only code change is required is replacing native `trace` with `t`. No imports required or something else. Package function `t` has the same syntax as native `trace` so passing comma separated parameters is supported.
{{{
t("hello world!");
}}}
You can turn to a native trace anytime with the following piece of code:
{{{
VizzyTrace.mode = VizzyTrace.SIMPLE;
}}}
In the background, `t` adds debug information to trace statement about file path and line number from where `trace` is dispatched. This allows to click on any line in Vizzy Flash Tracer which will cause that file to open in your preferred Actionscript editor and even highlighting line with `trace` (see <a href="http://code.google.com/p/flash-tracer/wiki/FlashDevelopPlugin">VizzyPlugin</a>). 